Corporate Policy On Utilizing Large Language Model Artificial Intelligence such as ChatGPT
Policy Version & Revision: 1.0
Policy Author(s) & Maintainer(s): <MAINTAINER> Policy Authorization Date: <DATE>

Purpose & Scope
The purpose of this policy is to establish the requirements and guidelines for the use of LLM AI, such as ChatGPT, Bard, Bing, Notion, or similar solutions, by employees, contractors, temporaries, referred to as “staff members” of our company, whether through company-owned devices or BYOD. This policy aims to ensure that the use of LLM AI is ethical, lawful, secure, and abides by all company policies, applicable laws, and regulations.

LLM AI Policy Requirements and Guidelines
1. Permitted Use of LLM AI Solutions:
a. Staff members are authorized for the restricted use of LLM AI for work- related purposes that do not involve confidential company processes, information, or trade secrets for only the approved LLM AI providers listed below. General tasks such as generating content for emails, presentations, reports, and customer service communications are permitted as long as all LLM AI policy requirements are strictly followed.
b. Approved LLM AI Solutions By The Company:
i.  <LIST OF APPROVED SOLUTIONS>
c. The use of all other LLM AI solutions is strictly prohibited by the company. Any additional LLM AI solutions must be reviewed by executive management, the legal department, the technology department, and the information security department.
2. Confidentiality & Data Privacy:
a. Staff members must follow all applicable data privacy laws and company policies when using LLM AI. Confidential information shall never be entered into any LLM AI solutions, which includes confidential code, financial data, other trade secrets, confidential employee personally identifiable information, confidential customer personally identifiable information, or any customer data that may be constituted as trade secrets and protected by intellectual property laws.
b. Incidents of the unintentional disclosure of confidential data to an LLM AI solution shall immediately be reported to the information security

department at <EMAIL ADDRESS> and the legal department at
<EMAIL ADDRESS>.
3. LLM AI Generated Content, Deliverables & Code:
a. While our company believes that LLM AI can be a helpful tool for generating content, our company believes that LLM AI cannot replace the critical thinking, creativity, and spirit of human creators, writers, and editors. Any content or deliverables generated by LLM AI should always be interpreted as an “initial starting point” and not a “finished product.
b. LLM AI shall not be utilized to generate any content that could be deemed as a company trade secret or important intellectual property.
c. LLM AI shall not be utilized to generate any software code that would be leveraged in any of the company’s closed-source software or products.
d. LLM AI may be permitted in limited instances to generate scripts that would be used in turn to help automate tedious tasks such as sorting a dataset.
i.  Any code or scripts generated by LLM AI in such limited
instances shall abide by the company’s standard acceptable use, software development, and information security policies and processes.
ii.  Any code or scripts generated by LLM AI in such limited instances shall be labelled as LLM AI generated and undergo peer review to ensure compliance with all company policies.
4. Accuracy & Proofing of LLM AI Generations Content:
a. LLM AI generated content must be fact-checked by qualified staff members to ensure that all information is accurate. This includes verifying all sources, checking any statistics, and ensuring the content is supported by material evidence.
b. LLM AI generated content must be curated to ensure that it is coherent and well-written for its intended audience; this includes checking for spelling errors and grammatical mistakes.
5. Transparency of Use:
a. Aside from automatic language completion suggestions in solutions like Microsoft Teams or Outlook, all LLM AI generated content must be clearly apparent or labelled as such, and the use of AI in generating content should be transparent to staff members and customers.
b. The company’s general guideline would be to insert a message of “AI Assistance Was Utilized In The Creation Of This Document” in the footer or references of a document.
6. Ethical Use & Fairness:
a. LLM AI must be used ethical manner that complies with all company policies, applicable laws, and regulations.
b. Staff members shall not utilize LLM AI to generate content that is inappropriate, objectionable, or offensive.
c. Staff members shall not utilize LLM AI to discriminate against any individual based on their protected characteristics, such as race, gender, age, or disability.

d. Staff members shall ensure that LLM AI generated content aligns with the company’s mission, vision, values, and policies.
7. Compliance & Enforcement:
a. Staff members that do not comply with the company LLM AI policies, requirements, and guidelines will be subject to the company’s standard disciplinary process. Staff members found to be knowingly misusing LLM AI solutions will be subject to legal action.
8. Review & Updates:
a. This policy shall be reviewed and updated periodically to ensure continued compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and company policies.
9. Acknowledgment & Acceptance:
a. By using LLM AI at the company, staff members acknowledge that they have read and understood and will comply with this policy. Staff members shall immediately report any violations of this policy to the legal department at <EMAIL ADDRESS>.
